# Freewheel FE-Test

To build this project you will require: NodeJS and Yarn or NPM.

## Commands

Running local:

 - `yarn install`: Installs all the dependencies
 - `yarn start`: Runs in development mode
 - `yarn build`: Builds all the static assets for the project within the /dist folder
 - `yarn test`: Runs all the unit tests
 - `yarn lint:js`: Runs the code linter on all js files
 - `yarn lint:scss`: Runs the code linter on all scss files

## Important:

I am using node-sass to enable SCSS modules, node-sass require a correctly version of Node to work properly:

NodeJS  | Minimum node-sass version | Node Module
--------|--------------------------|------------
Node 12 | 4.12+                    | 72
Node 11 | 4.10+                    | 67
Node 10 | 4.9+                     | 64
Node 8  | 4.5.3+                   | 57

As my machine is currently running Node 12, my node-sass is config as 4.12.
I also made sure to enable this in the docker file as well.

Running using Docker:

 - `docker-compose build`
 - `docker-compose up`
Open up a browser and browse to http://localhost:8080


Git Hooks:

The project count with Husky and Lint Staged:
 - `pre-commit`: Run all scripts on lint-staged
    - `lint-staged`: Run all linters and add to commit if something be fix
 - `pre-push`: Run all unit tests

## Project structure

 - `src`: JavaScript source code of the application
 - `public`: Manifest and HTML template generated by create-react-app

## Development URLs

- Home screen: `http://localhost:3000/`

## What to do with more time?

 - Focus in more Unit test :) (Tests is never too much)
 - Split react-router to Hire a Bike and TFL Information.
 - Set Webpack :) (Because I like to do all my configurations)
 - Set Global variables on SASS to have a better control in the layout
 - Responsive (Even using bootstrap didn't have chance to look on mobile :/)
 - Maybe give a better name for the folders :)
 
## Considerations: 

I worked with many types of environment in my life. Some of my components, I would change for a functional component, however some companies see as a bad practice, the same issue with spliting HTML Render in functions and call this functions in the final Render function or using/removing semicolons as is not required on JavaScript.

I know how work with all ways, I just didn't set that way to not have any conflict of Bad/Good code.